Directive docs (#846)
Azure/autorest.python: docs/generate/directives.md

# <img align="center" src="../images/logo.png">  Python-Specific Directives

If you want to see how to generally use a directive to change AutoRest behavior, check out the [main docs](https://github.com/Azure/autorest/tree/master/docs/generate/directives.md). This section will go into the Python-specific directives.

These directives all start out with this general skeleton of a directive:

````
```yaml
directive:
    from: swagger-document
    where: ...
    transform: ...
```
````

Additionally, they all require you to specify which operation you would like to modify. You refer to operation using it's path in the swagger, and the HTTP verb it's listed under.
So, if you were modifying the `put` operation under the path `/directives/polling`, your `where` part of the directive would look like `where: '$.paths["/directives/polling"].put'`

> Where they differ the conditions your custom objects need to fulfil, how you mark the directive, and how they change the generated code.

Reviewer: I think?

```suggestion
Where they differ is in the conditions your custom objects need to fulfill, how you mark the directive, and how they change the generated code.
```

We use `$["x-python-custom-default-polling-method-sync"]` and `$["x-python-custom-default-polling-method-async"]` to specify our sync and async custom default polling methods. You have to use the full import path of the custom default polling method you're specifying, i.e. `my.library.CustomDefaultPollingMethod`. Putting this altogether, we get the following directive, which we will insert in our config file.

```yaml
directive:
    from: swagger-document
    where: '$.paths["/directives/polling"].put'
    transform: >
        $["x-python-custom-default-polling-method-sync"] = "my.library.CustomDefaultPollingMethod";
        $["x-python-custom-default-polling-method-async"] = "my.library.aio.AsyncCustomDefaultPollingMethod"
```

To illustrate the generated code difference, here is the before and after of typing and docstrings. Not including the full code for the sake of room.

> Without directive:

Reviewer: I'd bold these so they are more noticeable.
